1. Udemy and Babbel offer paid classes with different levels of Russian language, while beginners' resources such as RussianLessons.net and YouTube can help you learn Russian free. Danilin... 
2. Russian Courses as Apps Best Lesson Structure: Babbel Best for Practicing Oral Communication: Pimsleur Best Interactive Course: Lingodeer Apps for Learning Vocabulary Best for Fun, Engaging Practice: Memrise Best for Customizable Practice: Anki Best for Learning Words in Context: Lingvist Best Free Way to Learn Words in Context: Clozemaster 
3. To spare you the struggle, I've found 24 of the best Russian learning apps for any level. Contents 1. Best for Multi-tasking: Learn Russian Words Free 2. Best for Learning in Cultural Context: FluentU 3. Best for Structured Learning: Busuu 4. Best for Casual Studying: Duolingo 5. Best for Quick Daily Study: Drops 6. 
4. So if you're looking to learn Russian without spending a dime (or kopek), look no further than these 20 fabulously free resources! Contents Russian Apps 1. Duolingo 2. Nemo Russian 3. Russian Alphabet Mastery - Learn Cyrillic in 3 Hours 4. SpeakEasy Russian Russian Websites 5. Loecsen 6. Live Lingua 7. RussianLessons.Net 8. Learn Russian 9. 
5. These two Russian learning resources will help you get to grips with the basics of Russian. 1. Russian Pronunciation Podcast Russian pronunciation podcast is a great tool for anyone at the start of their Russian learning journey. The host, Daria, goes over different sounds in the language to help you both hear and pronounce Russian correctly. 
6. Red Kalinka is an exceptionally comprehensive online Russian course. With over 75 hours of video, hundreds of pages of learning materials, audio clips, and exercises; the amount of material they offer in their Russian course is truly staggering. 
7. Other free tools and resources to help your Russian. Memrise: This is an outstanding online vocabulary training tool that lets you select Russian 'courses' to study (or create one yourself). Many of the courses also include audio. 3ears: An amazing free (for now) video tool for watching Russian videos.